Update the display order to show subclass lastly (#881)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/hip-plums-drive.md

---
'@finos/legend-query': patch
---

> Update the display order of query builder explorer tree to show subtypes lastly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the display order of query builder explorer tree nodes' children to show `subtype` nodes last.
```
